Build and Push Sandbox Docker Image (#735)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/tutorials/first_run.rst

.. _flyte-tutorials-firstrun:
.. currentmodule:: firstrun

############################################
Getting Started with Flyte
############################################

.. rubric:: Estimated time to complete: 2 minutes.

Flyte enables scalable, reproducable and reliable orchestration of massively large workflows. In order to get a sense of the product, we have packaged a minimalist version of the Flyte system into a Docker image.

With `docker installed <https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/>`__, run this command: ::

>   docker network create flyte-sandbox | docker run --network flyte-sandbox --rm --privileged -p 30081:30081 ghcr.io/flyteorg/flyte-sandbox

Author: @jeevb what should this command be now?

>   docker network create flyte-sandbox | docker run --network flyte-sandbox --rm --privileged -p 30081:30081 ghcr.io/flyteorg/flyte-sandbox
> 
> Once the container is ready, it'll output the Console URL. Go ahead and visit that to check out the Flyte UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  docker exec $(docker run -d --rm --name flyte-sandbox --privileged -p 30081:30081 ghcr.io/flyteorg/flyte-sandbox) wait-for-flyte.sh

This creates a container named `flyte-sandbox` within which a sandbox Flyte deployment will be created. Once the deployment is ready, the above command should exit successfully, and the Flyte UI should be available at http://localhost:30081/console.
```
